the Lord showed me an American flag and
the American flag was transformed into a
hundred dollar bill
and the hundred dollar bill was waving
in the wind and all of a sudden it was
it started to transform into some kind
of digital uh code like almost like
crypto code and the crypto it was all it
was moving and it was alive and um it
was it was it was all kind of like an
internet math code and it was moving and
moving and moving and I said Lord what
is this and the Lord said the the
Dollar's about to turn into a digital
dollar and and he said
um it will be worth half than what it's
worth right now so a hundred dollar bill
would be worth fifty dollars and so
um he showed me the banks all went
bankrupt all the money that was in the
banks every person that had money in
there no matter if you were really rich
or if you were poor whatever was in the
banks They seized it all the money was
now property of the bank somehow I don't
know how they did it but but all the
loans that you have on your house and
all the on your cars and everything I
saw that all of it they would call it a
debt Jubilee and and because they
couldn't foreclose and take everybody's
houses and to everybody's cars because
of the dollar crashing they um they just
wiped it out and they created a new
platform they created a new digital
dollar with this and then the Lord
showed me lines for people standing at
Target stores
for trying to get food but they weren't
dressed like in poverty looking clothes
they still had nice clothes on it's like
it happened so suddenly it was just like
it was like an overnight deal and people
were in lines at the target at Walmart
for like a mile long because there was
no products and there was no food there
was hardly anything in these stores and
people were waiting just to get whatever
they could get and so I could see them
all in a single file line and it
stretched for forever and he showed me
certain cryptocurrencies that would go
up in value he showed me certain things
that would happen with gold and with
silver and he showed me that for this
year he talked to me about the Euro and
he told me the Euro would be in trouble
because of what was going on with Europe
and this war and so that was one of the
words that he gave me when I was praying
about 2023 that was one of the first
sign means that this was all going to
happen like dominoes and so I just
wanted to come on and tell everybody the
things that are fixing to start to
happen are very serious okay I want to
say this too
I missed timing sometimes whenever I'm
seeing and I'm praying and the Lord's
showing me things that's coming I
there's like a depth perception and so
sometimes it comes really quick and
sometimes he's showing me years in
advance and I I'm really not I don't
know so I just have to keep praying over
it it's like this in 2018
he showed me that there was something
going to happen with the chickens and so
he said the chickens were going to
become very expensive and that the eggs
were going to become hard to get it
would be it would be like very expensive
for some eggs compared to what they
usually were
and so I run out and I bought 20
chickens trying to make sure that I had
enough chickens because of what he told
me acting on the word that he gave me
and that was in 2018.
so all the year went by nothing the next
year went by nothing and here we are the
next year went by I mean all the way
through the pandemic nothing and so I
thought man I really had missed this
this is really flaky you know I felt bad
I had to apologize to my wife and I said
I'm sorry honey I missed it I I bought
all those chickens and I saw it and the
Lord showed to me I guess that was
averted we prayed it away or something
and then here it is 2023 and all the
stuff about chickens and I believe we're
just at the beginning of that I believe
there'll be more to it maybe uh with
with the chickens and so um
whatever the Lord shows me things like I
said sometimes at four or five years
before it manifests so that being said I
just wanted to let you all know that
so thank you